chore: update changelog and bump version to v3.1.0 (#1677)
aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper: CHANGELOG.md

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](https://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/), and this project adheres to [Semantic Versioning](https://semver.org/#semantic-versioning-200).

## [3.1.0] - 2026-01-20

### :bug: Fixed

> - Fix issue with custom endpoint excluded members ([PR #1665](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/pull/1665)).

Reviewer: Can we link to the issue instead
```suggestion
- Fix custom endpoint plugin incorrectly failing over to excluded members ([Issue #1662](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/issues/1662)).
```

- Improve connection garbage collecting by using LazyCleaner (Java 11+ and Java 8) ([PR #1661](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/pull/1661)).
- Improve connection management in RW Splitting Plugin ([PR #1673](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/pull/1673)). 
- Documentation:
  - Make clearer where the driver support Global Databases update maven search ([PR #1653](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/pull/1653)).
  - Fix gradle snapshot example ([PR #1651](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/pull/1651)).
  - Various improvements ([PR #1654](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/pull/1654)).
  - Improve `srw` plugin documentation when using non-RDS clusters ([PR #1657](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/pull/1657)).
  - Small change to `globalClusterInstanceHostPatterns` ([PR #1664](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/pull/1664) and [PR #1672](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/pull/1672)). 

### :magic_wand: Added
- Add ability to configure internal connection pool with configuration parameters ([PR #1658](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/pull/1658)).

> - Add secrets manager cached secrets expiration time ([PR #1663](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/pull/1663) and [PR #1671](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/pull/1671)).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add connection parameters to configure client-sided secrets expiration time and allow custom Secret Value parsing in Secrets Manager Plugin ([PR #1663](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/pull/1663) and [PR #1671](https://github.com/aws/aws-advanced-jdbc-wrapper/pull/1671)).
```
